# Replication-Package
Elon Musk based Project

[An example of bivariate relationships through the medium of a twitter.]

  The analysis—focused on the qualitative variables of tweet content and sentiment. But to complement this evaluation,, the quantitative fluctivity of likes and retweets was also considered to show a positive correlation between content and popularity. Therefore, the data collection method primarily involved observation, specifically targeting Elon Musk’s tweets during the September 2023 timeframe. 
  The first qualitative variable, content, was measured on a categorical scale of label topics trending within the twitter (X) platform. The variable categories ranged from technology, to politics, social issues and other. Said variables were given a number of one through four in the order previously mentioned. This coding scheme was used to indicate each tweet fit into an exclusive category, ensuring that there is a complete lack of overlap among the categories.
  The second qualitative variable, sentiment, was measured on a labeled scale of categories that indicated the feeling, perhaps view or perspective, of a tweet's content. These categories included positive, neutral, and negative, each of which are noted in descending order of three though one as previously introduced. This coding scheme indicates that each tweet's sentiment fits in an exclusive category, which has no overlap with any other category listed.
	The first quantitative variable, retweets (dependent), represents the amount of retweets or and popularity each tweet had based on its content (independent.) The variable was measured through an observative method; counting the number of retweets and analyzing to which category of the content variable each tweet belonged to. The values in this variable follow the structure of a numeric variable, in that they are not categorically organized and are not subjective, rather objective facts observed through individual tweets.
	The second qualitative variable, tweet likes, was a numeric variable measured by the frequency of each tweet trending depending on its content. This variable was measured through visible facts and numeric record likes of each tweet. The values in this variable follow the structure of a quantitative/numeric variable, in that they are not categorically organized and are not subjective, rather objective facts observed through each tweet.
	To properly observe and replicate this project, access to the Twitter app, Elon Musk's account, and his tweets from September 2023 is required. It is important to approach this project with a complete lack of bias and a clear understanding of objectivity.
